[KubeRay][Doc] KubeRay doc migration (5/n) (#39450)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/fault-tolerance.md

By default, the Ray head node is a single point of failure: if it crashes, the entire Ray cluster crashes and must be restarted. When running on Kubernetes, the `RayService` controller health-checks the Ray cluster and restarts it if this occurs, but this introduces some downtime.

> In Ray 2.0, KubeRay added **experimental support** for [Global Control Store (GCS) fault tolerance](kuberay-gcs-ft), preventing the Ray cluster from crashing if the head node goes down.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Ray 2.0, KubeRay has **experimental support** for [Global Control Store (GCS) fault tolerance](kuberay-gcs-ft), preventing the Ray cluster from crashing if the head node goes down.
```

> While the head node is recovering, Serve applications can still handle traffic via worker nodes but cannot be updated or recover from other failures (e.g. actors or worker nodes crashing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the head node is recovering, Serve applications can still handle traffic via worker nodes but cannot be updated or recover from other failures (for example, actors or worker nodes crashing).
```

> Once the GCS is recovered, the cluster will return to normal behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the GCS recovers, the cluster returns to normal behavior.
```
